Add changelog entry for #9519 (#9526)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes
- Fix loss of colored output in terminal when using `--color-enabled=true` option [#8908](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/issues/8908)

> - Fix an issue where Besu does not support 0x80 as transaction type when decoding eth69 receipts [#9519](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/issues/9519)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where Besu does not support `0x80` as transaction type when decoding eth/69 receipts [#9520](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/issues/9520)
```
